.TH Y-PPA-Manager 1

.SH Name
Y-PPA-Manager - Easily manage PPAs

.SH Description
Add, remove, purge and search all Launchpad PPAs using a graphical interface. The search feature allows you to add the found PPAs, just list the packages and their versions in a found PPA or download some packages in the PPA.

.SH Add PPA
Add a PPA (in the "ppa:webupd8/gthumb" form)

.SH Delete PPA
Displays all the enabled PPAs (disabled PPAs will not be listed) and you can delete any PPA from that list. Using this, only the PPA file will be deleted, nothing else will be removed (the GPG key and applications installed from that PPA will remain on your computer). To completely purge a PPA, see the "Purge PPA" feature under "Advanced".

.SH List packages in a PPA enabled on your computer
Lists all the packages that are available for your Ubuntu version in the selected PPA (only PPAs that you have added to your system and are enabled will show up here)

.SH Search in all Launchpad PPAs
Performs a search in all the Launchpad PPAs for the package you enter in the search form. The regular search uses the Launchpad PPA search so it may return empty PPAs if the PPAs have a description that matches your search, or a PPA with packages for a different Ubuntu version then your current Ubuntu version (or the Ubuntu version you've set Y PPA Manager to search for - see info regarding the settings below). The advanced search will only return the exact matches for your search and will display the PPAs and package versions at a glance.

.B You will be able to perform the following operations on a PPA:
add it, list all the packages in that PPA for your Ubuntu version (or the Ubuntu version you've set Y PPA Manager to search for) - including the package versions, download selected packages from a PPA, copy PPA link (so you can then paste it in a web browser).

.SH Advanced
.B Advanced > Purge PPA:
uses the "ppa-purge" tool to downgrade the packages in the selected PPA to the version in the official Ubuntu repositories and disables that PPA.

.B Advanced > Scan and remove duplicate PPAs:
just like the name says, it will automatically remove all duplicate PPAs. This only works for PPAs that have their own .list file.

.B Advanced > Try to import all missing GPG keys:
will attempt to fix all missing GPG keys for all the PPAs added to your system. This probably doesn't work behind a proxy.

.B Advanced > Try to fix GPG BADSIG errors:
will try to fix all GPG BADSIG errors which are sometimes displayed when running a "sudo apt-get update".

.B Advanced > Backup repositories:
backs up all the PPAs on your computer (and exist under /etc/apt/sources.list.d). This feature does not back up the GPG keys, however, the restore feature automatically imports all missing GPG keys so basically, a GPG keys backup is not required.

.B Advanced > Restore repositories backup:
restores a repositories backup which you've previously performed using Y PPA Manager. It also imports all missing GPG keys.

.B Advanced > Re-enable working PPAs after Ubuntu upgrade:
when you upgrade to a new Ubuntu version, all the PPAs are disabled. This feature checks if the old PPAs have been updated to work with your current Ubuntu version and if they do work, it re-enables them.

.B Advanced > Update release name in working PPAs:
using this feature, you can replace the Ubuntu version for all the PPAs on your computer with another Ubuntu version. Y PPA Manager automatically checks if the PPAs support the Ubuntu version you want to replace it with, so the PPAs that won't work with the new version are not updated.

.SH Settings:

.B PPA Purge behavior:
auto - don't require any user input; manual - opens a terminal window asking the user how to solve the issue (this is the default and highly recommended behavior).

.B Ubuntu indicator:
disabled (default); enabled - each time you start Y PPA Manager, an AppIndicator will be displayed. Once you close Y PPA Manager, the indicator will be closed too; stand-alone - setting it to "stand-alone", the indicator will automatically start each time you log in without opening the main Y PPA Manager window and also, quitting Y PPA Manager doesn't quit the indicator (feature useful to quickly launch one of the Y PPA Manager action without having to open the main user interface).

.B Ubuntu version:
this only affects the search. So if you want the Y PPA Manager search to display packages for some other Ubuntu version, simply change the Ubuntu version here. Supported versions: karmic, lucid, maverick or natty (use the Ubuntu version names for Linux Mint too!).

.SH Author
Alin Andrei <webupd8@gmail.com>
